feat: add prometheus metric (#48)
CECTC/dbpack: doc/metric.md

# Metric

> dbpack using prometheus metric, when start dbpack, dbpack will start prom http server to let prometheus scrap the metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbpack uses prometheus metric, when starting dbpack, dbpack will start prom http server to let prometheus collect the metric.
```
